Expose CuGraph Taobao example through readme (#10083)
pyg-team/pytorch_geometric: examples/multi_gpu/README.md

## Examples with NVIDIA GPUs

Note: We recommend the [NVIDIA PyG Container](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/containers/pyg/tags) for best results and easiest setup with NVIDIA GPUs

> ### Examples with CuGraph
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Examples with CuGraph

```

Reviewer: Added this description because, as a user, I often get confused about the naming (e.g., cugraph, cugraph-gnn, and cugraph_pyg).

Reviewer: @alexbarghi-nv Mind helping me write a quick description of cuGraph libraries here? I had a look at cuGraph and cuGraph GNN repos and copied some from them, but some links are outdated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Examples with cuGraph
[cuGraph](https://github.com/rapidsai/cugraph) is a collection of packages focused on GPU-accelerated graph analytics including support for property graphs and scaling up to thousands of GPUs. cuGraph supports the creation and manipulation of graphs followed by the execution of scalable fast graph algorithms.  It is part of the [RAPIDS](https://rapids.ai) accelerated data science framework.

[cuGraph GNN](https://github.com/rapidsai/cugraph-gnn) is a collection of GPU-accelerated plugins that support PyTorch and PyG natively through the _cuGraph-PyG_ and _WholeGraph_ subprojects. cuGraph GNN is built on top of cuGraph, leveraging its low-level [pylibcugraph](https://github.com/rapidsai/cugraph/python/pylibcugraph) API and C++ primitives for sampling and other GNN operations ([libcugraph](https://github.com/rapidai/cugraph/python/libcugraph)).  It also includes the `libwholegraph` and `pylibwholegraph` libraries for high-performance distributed edgelist and embedding storage.  Users have the option of working with these lower-level libraries directly, or through the higher-level API in cuGraph-PyG that directly implements the `GraphStore`, `FeatureStore`, `NodeLoader`, and `LinkLoader` interfaces.

Complete documentation on RAPIDS graph packages, including `cugraph`, `cugraph-pyg`, `pylibwholegraph`, and `pylibcugraph` is available on the [RAPIDS docs pages](https://docs.rapids.ai/api/cugraph/nightly/graph_support).

```

| [`pcqm4m_ogb.py`](./pcqm4m_ogb.py)                                                 | single-node | Example for training GNNs for a graph-level regression task.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| [`mag240m_graphsage.py`](./mag240m_graphsage.py)                                   | single-node | Example for training GNNs on a large heterogeneous graph.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | [`taobao.py`](./taobao.py)                                                         | single-node | Example for training link prediction GNNs on a heterogeneous graph. We recommend scaling this up with [CuGraph](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/on-demand/session/gtc24-s61197/), this CuGraph example shows how [taobao_mnmg.py](https://github.com/rapidsai/cugraph-gnn/blob/branch-25.04/python/cugraph-pyg/cugraph_pyg/examples/taobao_mnmg.py). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`taobao.py`](./taobao.py)                                                         | single-node | Example for training link prediction GNNs on a heterogeneous graph. See [taobao_mnmg.py](https://github.com/rapidsai/cugraph-gnn/blob/branch-25.04/python/cugraph-pyg/cugraph_pyg/examples/taobao_mnmg.py) to scale up this example with [CuGraph](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/on-demand/session/gtc24-s61197/). |
```
